Update code conventions (#56)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: source/code-rule.rst

Code standard
*************

General considerations
======================

> PySCF program code base is designed to provide an environment convenient for
> method developing, quick testing and calculations for systems of moderate size. We emphasize first the
> simplicity, next the generality, finally the efficiency. We favor the
> implementations which have clear structure with optimization at Python level.
> When Python performance becomes a major bottleneck, C code can be implemented to
> improve efficiency. The following is a set of
> guidelines for contributing to package. These are just guidelines, not rules.
> Feel free to propose changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PySCF code base is designed to provide a convenient environment for the development of new computational methods, ranging from proof-of-concept implementations to calculations on moderate size systems.
Our emphasis is first on simplicity, next on generality, and last on efficiency.
We favor implementations that have clear structure, with optimization only at Python level.
If Python performance becomes a major bottleneck, parts of the implementation can be written in C to improve efficiency.
The following guidelines (not strict rules!) have been followed in the development of PySCF.
Please refer to them when suggesting new contributions.
```

  - Loose-coupling between modules so that the failure of one module can
    have minimal effects on other modules.

>   - For 3rd party Python library, implementing either a back up plan or
>     an error/exception handler to avoid breaking the import chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Third party Python library imports need either back-up implementations or error/exception handling to avoid breaking the import chain
```

> * External C/Fortran libraries. These are libraries to be compiled and linked in
>   the PySCF C extensions. Their compiling/linking flags are resolved in the cmake config system.
>   - BLAS, FFTW: Yes.
>   - LAPACK: Yes but not recommended.  These libraries can be used in the
>     PySCF C level library. But we recommend to restructure your code and move
>     the relevant linear algebra and sparse matrix operations to Python code.
>   - MPI and other parallel libraries: No.
>     The MPI communications should be implemented at python level through MPI4py
>     library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Guidelines for use of external C and Fortran libraries within C extensions to PySCF. The extensions are compiled and linked into PySCF, with compile/link flags resolved by CMake.
  - BLAS, FFTW: Yes.
  - LAPACK: Yes, but not recommended. LAPACK can be used in the PySCF C-level library. However, we recommend restructuring your code by moving all linear algebra and sparse matrix operations to NumPy operations in pure Python.
  - MPI and other parallel libraries: No. MPI communications should be implemented in Python through the MPI4py library.
```

* Code format.

>   It is recommended to write code compliance with the [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Code should comply with the [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style.
```

> Name conventions
> ================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming conventions
==================
```

* Function arguments

  - The first argument is a handler. The handler is one of :class:`gto.Mole`
    object, a mean-field object, or a post-Hartree-Fock object.

* Return value.
  Create returns for all functions whenever possible. For methods
  defined in class, return self instead of None if the method does not have
  particular return values.

Unit Tests and Example Scripts
==============================

> * Examples to run modules should be placed in the appropriate directory inside
>   the /examples directory.  While the examples should be easy enough to run on a
>   modest personal computer; however, should not be trivial and instead showcase
>   the functionality of the module.  The format for naming examples is::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Examples for modules should be placed in the appropriate directory inside the /examples directory.
  While the examples should be light enough to run on a modest personal computer, the examples should not be trivial. 
  Instead, the point of the examples is to showcase the functionality of the module. The format for naming examples is::
```
